Update the contributing doc (#3100)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: README.md

| reference | Any reference-type article that isn't auto-generated. |
| article | Use for community-contributed content (that is, anything from outside the engineering team or the content team at Microsoft. |

## Merging to the live branch

> Periodically, about once a month, a manual RI is performance from `main` -> `live` branch.

Reviewer: what's an RI?

Author: RI = Reverse Integration, https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/tfvc/branch-strategically?view=azure-devops#how-does-your-team-manage-code-while-it-introduces-multiple-changes-simultaneously-through-several-project-releases has a reasonable description.

> Periodically, about once a month, a manual RI is performance from `main` -> `live` branch.

Reviewer: I thought Jon told us we can merge whenever we want, and we now have permissions to do so? Who is doing this monthly and what criteria are we using for it?

Author: I don't think these 2 lines are negating any of that. 

Usually, things aren't urgent and the monthly docs tend to be done by @JonDouglas most frequently, but have been done by others: https://github.com/NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget/pulls?q=is%3Apr+live+is%3Aclosed+. 

What we're trying to communicate here is that the one-off contributor doesn't have to bother if they don't want to, as it'll be pushed to live eventually.

> Periodically, about once a month, a manual RI is performance from `main` -> `live` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NuGet team members have permissions to merge to `live` branch manually, at their own discretion.
Otherwise, the regular (about once a month) Reverse Integration (RI) will be performed from `main` -> `live` branch.
```

Based on the urgency of the docs, this may happen frequently.

> It is very important that the RI pul requessts are *merged* and *not squashed*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is very important that the RI pull requests are *merged* and *not squashed*.
```
